Sister-in-law has thought about it
I'll ask you one last time
What do you want to do with the fame ceremony?
Sister-in-law, no.
Lin Xi
I don't want to do anything.
I just want to be there when you leave
Send your dad
Just came here, the smell of blood is concentrated all the way
Shouldn't this be Lin Xin?
Do you know where this is?
Hey, don't guess
I told you this is a slaughterhouse
The person who was sent in
No one came out whole.
It's all locked piece by piece
I think these crazy people
Just drain everyone's last drop of blood
In exchange for money
Lin Xin, Lin Xin
You said it was fine
If you cooperate well, there will be so many things
You have no choice but to sell it yourself.
Ahhh, you go, go away